Incident
1010309178 
Description:
Attachments related check - create, read and delete
Detailed Description:
Diagnostic Information:

Event Name: ATTACHMENT_API_CHECK
Application Component: CA-DMS

Additional Description:

Error while uploading an attachment to the content server
Recommended Actions:

STORAGE_REPO_ACTIVE

If this event is raised, then there is no active storage repository configured in the system. Please check if the following is configured:

Go to transaction: SPRO

SAP Customizing Implementation Guide -> Cross-Application Components -> Document Management -> Additional Settings - Simplification -> Attachment Service - Storage Repository Activation

In this configuration one storage repository should be marked as "active".

CONTENT_REPO_CONFIG

This indicates that the content repository is not configured correctly. Raise an incident to component: BC-SRV-KPR-DMS

ATTACHMENT_API_CHECK

Create, read and delete of attachment content to/from the KPRO content server should be possible.If there are some issues and this event is raised, following are the possibilities for failure.
1.Content server is not working - Go to transaction SLG1 and provide the object name as "SDOK" and check the logs. Also check the logs for object name "SCMS " and these logs will provide more information on the errors.

2.Check if the connection to Content Server is good: 

a.Execute transaction OAC0 -> Open the Repository which is being called from attachment service -> Perform the connection test and confirm that the Content Server can be reached


3.If the error is not clear from Step1, create an incident to component : CA-DMS


%_HC_FATAL_EXCEPTION

This generic event is raised by the HC framework if the health check could not be executed correctly. This may have several reasons:
◾HC runtime exceeded the configured maximum runtime
◾A runtime exception was not caught
◾A dump occurred

The framework will retry HC execution according to periodicilty settings. Usually encountered issues are only temporary and the the HC incident will be autoclosed after next successful run.

Only if the incident is open for more than a day, manual root cause analysis is required.  
